want to go viral on Tick Tock here are
five video ideas that you can try today
to have more success now of course
there's no Surefire way to go viral
there's no guaranteed formula for
success and ultimately going viral on
Tick Tock or on Instagram reels or on
YouTube shorts is kind of like buying
lottery tickets so one of the most
Surefire ways to go viral is to buy a
lot of lottery tickets and you do that
by posting a lot of content but with
that being said there are definitely
some kind of videos that consistently
pop off and blow up more than others so
here are five tangible ideas that you
can give a try today my first idea is a
day after day series day one of losing
300 pounds day two of losing 300 pounds
day three of losing 300 pounds and so on
and so forth I've seen these consecutive
series relating to pretty much every
topic from a custom dance move to asking
for a celebrity to play beer pong with
you there are multiple examples of this
and really what I think this proves is
that consistency is King but also that
people love buying into reoccurring
content and it's why we love watching TV
and it's why TV was such an effective
model and still is for decades it's
because we love tuning in every Thursday
night at the same time to watch the same
show and so if you can consistently
create content in a series people start
to look forward to your content and
eventually one of those days will blow
up and then all of the subsequent days
and the rest of your journey will also
blow up idea number two is to stitch an
already popular video now the key with
this one is to grab a video that's
currently going viral while it's still
taking off not once it's already started
to Plateau find a video while it's still
taking off and find it at its most key
point at its most exciting and engaging
Point whenever in the video you really
leaned in and it grabbed your attention
then Stitch the video and add on to the
end of it but make sure to add on to it
with something that actually has some
substance and some value something that
is either contrary to what the video was
saying maybe you're adding on some
additional information maybe you're
clarifying maybe you're disagreeing with
what the video was originally saying but
add on some additional information to
make it your own unique video and not
just piggyback off of the success of the
previous viral video the third viral
Tick Tock idea that I have for you is
creating a video that's essentially
saying I'm logging off for 30 days and I
want to see what this video looks like
when I get back another idea that I've
seen is I'm giving this account to my
girlfriend for Christmas please blow up
this account with tons of followers I'll
be back on December 24th or I'm deleting
my Tick Tock for a year I'm going to
come back on June 13th 2024 and let's
see how many followers I can get from
this one video it's essentially using
the masses to kind of feel like they're
in on something to kind of feel like
they're a part of something bigger than
just content that this content is going
to be used to help build a following or
or build a gift for someone else my
fourth idea to go viral on Tick Tock is
to create multiple if not dozens of the
same exact Trend if you find a trend
that you are early to that you feel like
you can create a relatable joke or some
some sort of scenario that relates to
your Niche create multiple versions of
it the way the tick tock algorithm works
is it's content based it's going to show
your best content to the people who
would be most interested in that content
so don't worry about overloading your
followers or if your posts get seen too
many times in a row by your followers
and them unfollowing you that's
something to worry about on Instagram
but that's not something to worry about
on Tick Tock instead I want you to
really focus on pumping out a high
quantity of posts if you are an early
adopter to a trend you can create dozens
of the same video of the same Trend and
the odds are one of them will be
successful so if you start to find
Trends if you start to discover a sound
that you think is going to blow up or
you see some signs that it's already
starting to Trend in that direction then
remake it dozens of times as many times
as you can come up with my fifth idea
for a viral video on Tick Tock is
something that's slightly controversial
now I don't want you to do this if
you're someone who is easily affected by
trolls and haters because the point
point of this video is to literally
bring out the trolls and haters it's
sharing something that you believe in
that you feel strongly about that is
slightly controversial and I'm not
talking a controversial opinion that
ends up just being some vanilla opinion
like you should wear rain boots when
it's raining I'm talking an actual
controversial opinion something that is
going to really divide people 50 50
because what that creates is arguments
in the comments and again I'm not saying
to be hateful I'm not saying to
intentionally call people out I'm not
saying to you know generate hate and
spread distrust and create drama just
for the sake of drama but if there's
something you believe in if there's
something that you feel is a core value
for you but it's slightly controversial
it's okay to be intentionally slightly
controversial and I will say that the
more controversial you are the more
comments it's going to generate the more
arguments and back and forth it's going
to generate the side that is with you is
going to come out in big support and the
side that's against you is going to come
out in big okay I can say it another way
if you can't stand the heat get out of
the kitchen this isn't for everyone I
understand that this isn't necessarily
popular or the most socially acceptable
way of growing it's a little bit frowned
upon in fact even just me saying it is a
little bit controversial but being
intentionally slightly controversial has
been shown to increase your odds of
going viral I will say this though be
careful if you're going to be posting
controversial content it ain't always
easy to deal with those comment sections
and a lot of times they can get really
negative and really bitter so if you are
going to do this I would say Start
Gentle start with something that is
maybe like I love Crocs I remember I
posted that one time and I didn't
realize it would be so controversial but
some people love Crocs and some people
hate Crocs I wouldn't do anything that's
necessarily too political or anything
like that unless you're really ready for
it unless it's something you really
believe in something you really want to
take a stand about but hey it has been
shown that these kind of controversial
posts oftentimes do go viral thank you
so much for watching today let me know
down comments which of these five viral
ideas you're going to try first and
don't forget to hit the Subscribe button
so you can get more content just like
this thanks for watching